Rework the search for python shared library in order to reduce amount of
guess-work and better accommodate variations in naming across platforms
and due to different build options (e.g., debug build with "d" suffix,
free-thread build with "t" suffix, combination of both).

On Windows, the loaded python DLL is now resolved by calling ``GetModuleFileName``
on the handle exposed by :data:`sys.dllhandle`; this applies to python.org Windows
builds, Anaconda python on Windows, and MSYS2 python.

On other platforms, first explicitly verify that shared library is enabled,
by checking the value of ``Py_ENABLE_SHARED`` variable exposed by the
``sysconfig`` module. On macOS, also check if .framework bundle is
enabled instead, which is implied by a non-empty ``PYTHONFRAMEWORK``
variable in ``sysconfig``. If shared library is enabled, use ``INSTSONAME``
variable exposed by ``sysconfig`` module as the only source of truth
w.r.t. its name. This works even with Debian-packaged python and
``astral-sh/python-build-standalone`` POSIX builds; while they have
their ``python`` executable statically linked against python shared
library, they seem to properly set these variables.

In contrast, both Linux and macOS builds of Anaconda python seem to
build their interpreter executable and python shared library separately,
so the interpreter reports ``Py_ENABLE_SHARED`` variable to be set to ``0``
(and ``INSTSONAME`` gives name of the static library). Therefore, for
Anaconda python on non-Windows, use the old approach of guessing the
library name from the major and minor version and whether free-threading
is enabled or not (i.e., the presence of the "t" suffix).

Adjust the error messages; display the part about rebuilding python with
``--enable-shared`` option only if we detect lack of support for shared
library. Similarly, display the part about Debian package only if we
are running under Debian or its derivative; and advise to install
``libpython3.X`` package rather than ``python3-dev``.
